In the battle between McDonald’s and Burger King, scientists have devoted their lives to create a cheap, addictive source of sustenance better known as fast food. For those who can’t afford a nice sit down restaurant, or are simply too hung-over and impatient to wait around for a hot meal, I recommend these fine eateries. Conveniently located on every street corner, McDonald’s is open 24/7 ready to nuke up a Happy Meal at all times. McDonald’s is best known for its breakfast menu; however, they stop serving outrageously early. So, if time is an issue or lunch is what you desire, wave good-bye to McDonald’s as you pull into Burger King’s drive through. Burger King’s Whopper and other burger masterpieces put the Big Mac to shame. McDonald’s might dominate with its cheap yet satisfying breakfast, but Burger King rules over the lunch crowd. The McDonald’s breakfast blends perfectly together to give you that short satisfied feeling that slowly morphs into regret. A piping hot cup of coffee, golden crisp has browns, and a freshly heated sausage egg McMuffin sum up the American Dream. Burger King’s weak attempt to compete with McDonald’s out of this world breakfast fails on all fronts. First of all, Burger King doesn’t get their coffee to that tongue-scorching hot temperature we’ve all come to love and endure. Where is the thrill in drinking coffee if there’s no risk in burning yourself? Secondly, Burger King’s hash brown bites taste as if they forgot to add an ingredient; I call the does it fit in with the overall theme of the essay? “nuke”) reveals the playful nature of the essay. It’s good to establish tone and voice early on. thesis statement. M02 papers are often about topics that do not require extensive research. Sample Student A 2 missing ingredient taste. Finally, Burger King’s breakfast sandwich closely mimics something you would find in a McDonald’s, just not as fulfilling. Both establishments make a big mistake in not serving breakfast all day long; showing no love for those waking up at 11 a.m. If you’re up early and left with the decision between McDonald’s or Burger King for breakfast, make the right choice and head over to McDonald’s. For everybody else who is getting that late start, Burger King won’t disappoint by providing a nice greasy lunch combo. If you’re arguing between McDonald’s or Burger king for lunch, I’ll save you from flipping a coin. Yes, we all know of the notorious Big Mac, but when compared with Burger King’s Whopper side by side, the Big Mac doesn’t look nearly as big or exciting as the Whopper. The fry cooks put a little more time into broiling up a whole bunch of Burger King’s finest combo specials. Ranging from Veggie Burgers to the Triple Stacker, Burger King has something for everyone’s unique taste and demands. The freshness of the vegetables that goes into their food is an important deciding factor. I like to hear the crunch of the lettuce when biting into a burger and McDonald’s doesn’t provide that satisfaction with any of their many boring burgers. A really big difference between these two places is how they prepare their fries. McDonald’s is a gamble; sometimes their fries are crispy and decent, but more of the time they are too flimsy and heavily salted. Fries at Burger King are cut and seasoned with perfection you won’t need a dipping sauce while shoveling them into your mouth. McDonald’s and Burger King both have a large lunch menu, but Burger King’s superior method of broiling and using fresher ingredients to cook their products, makes Burger King hands down the better option for lunch and dinner. Unhealthy, fast and cheap. The world wouldn’t be the same without McDonald’s or Burger King. Higher life expectancy, less obesity, and all around happier people would be seen shows that the student writer is developing his/her voice. reader as “you,” connotes a casual attitude with the reader. This may be a fine technique in an M02 class. However, a more academic tone is preferred in most English 1A courses. subject. Nice bits of imagery to enhance the reading experience. without mentioning the phrase “Burger King” three times. Avoid repetition when possible. papers. Sample Student A 3 a lot more often if we could just give up the devilish temptation that these eateries create within society. But, just like the smoker who lights up a cigarette until their last breath, fast food has gotten us hooked by putting the right amount of chemicals in the food to keep us coming back for more. The heavenly taste of a McDonald’s breakfast and the over powering flavor of Burger King’s flame broiled goodness is the work of modern science at its finest For as long as mankind has kept a history of its records, one can see humans have always yearned to explore. Whether it was the Nordic Vikings setting off to explore the seas, Christopher Columbus sailing for new lands, or Lewis and Clark blazing trails to the west, mankind has continually tried to push its boundaries and expand its frontiers. It would seem the call of adventure and discovery is something ingrained in human nature itself. Yet, as of late, this nature of exploration has been suppressed. Ever since the final frontiers of our earthly exploration were reached, and our maps of the "unknown" were finally filled in, man’s pushing of boundaries has seemed to become stagnant. In this day and age, the new frontier for exploration lies in the next level of the unknown: space. Today's "Christopher Columbus" is Yuri Gagarin, the modern "Lewis and Clark" is Aldrin and Armstrong. Yet, instead of encouraging this new field of discovery as was always done in the past, today we find funding for space programs reduced and in some cases completely discontinued. Is this the way man’s exploration and innovation should be treated? Certainly not. Therefore, despite the protests of the opposition, funding for space programs must not be cut, as this would hinder mankind's advancement, survival, and exploratory nature. Now many pundits may claim that funding ventures into space is futile, or even counterproductive. Critics of such exploits often ask why nations pour billions of dollars into space programs that have a seemingly null effect on the majority of the population, all the while “Since the dawn of time…” This opening line still feels cliché. Find a more original way to begin the essay. illustrate your point. Perhaps this would be a better beginning rather than the cliché first line “For as long as man…” It feels a little awkward. insightful. Decent use of an “essay map.” This type of thesis works well for short essays. However, you may need to find a new strategy when writing longer essays. 